EUDIW trust infrastructure (#1192)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/trust-pki-architecture.rst

The following table lists the Certification Authorities, the certificates that are issued by each of them, and the channel through which the derived Trust Anchor is distributed.
The Lists of Trusted Entities and the Trusted Lists named in the table are defined in :ref:`infrastructure-trust:Trusted List, Lists of Trusted Lists, and Lists of Trusted Entities`.

.. _table_pki_certification_authorities:
.. list-table:: Certification Authorities and Derived Trust Anchors
    :class: longtable
    :widths: 24 38 38
    :header-rows: 1

    * - **Certification Authority**
      - **Issued Certificates**
      - **Trust Anchor Distribution**

    * - PID Provider Sign/Seal CA
      - :ref:`infrastructure-trust:PID Provider Sign/Seal Certificate`
      - PID Providers LoTE.

    * - Wallet Provider Sign/Seal CA
      - :ref:`infrastructure-trust:Wallet Provider Sign/Seal Certificate`
      - Wallet Providers LoTE.

    * - Access CA

>       - Access certificates following the :ref:`infrastructure-trust:Wallet-Relying Party Access Certificate (WRPAC) Profile`, issued to the Wallet-Relying Parties and to the PID Providers.

Author: ```suggestion
    * - WRPAC CA
      - Access certificates following the :ref:`infrastructure-trust:Wallet-Relying Party Access Certificate (WRPAC) Profile`, issued to the Wallet-Relying Parties.
```
